[Autogenerated] and this little look at making
purchases in the Microsoft store out.
In a previous clip, we looked at the Microsoft store APP,
and we saw how to look for APS, games and video content.
Once we've found something we would like to add to our device
or a movie or TV show we'd like to watch.
We need to purchase that item even when the apus free
there is a purchase transaction involved.
Generally for free.
APS and games will not be required to have a Microsoft account,
However, when an actual purchase is required,
then you'll need to have a Microsoft account to pay for the purchase.
In this case,
I'm signed into my device with the Microsoft account
because purchases are linked to your account.
It's good to understand your options when just and allows us to
sign into individual APS with a Microsoft account.
Even if he can't used in.
That app is different from a Microsoft account used in Windows.
First of I select my count up here, I can see sino now.
Once I'm signed out,
I could sign and again with a different account if I needed to,
so this could give you some flexibility when making purchases
on a particular device over here reckons,
like more, and you can see several links here related to my account.
My library would display upside on, even if they're not installed in this device.
If I need to change devices,
this is a quick way to install laps to get things set up.
I can also use the payment options and purchase links to launch
a Web browser to look at these areas online.
There are a couple of important sayings in settings to be aware of.
You're the first ones related to AP updates.
Nobody fault.
APS will update automatically.
This is a good setting and leave enabled,
although if you have special needs,
you can disable this and you can still manually update
specific APS when updates are available.
If you're concerned about APP updates consuming data,
there is actually a better way to prevent that by using a metered connection.
And we'll look at meter connections in a separate clip.
Scrolling down.
There's a setting labeled purchase Sinan.
This is off by default,
and generally I recommend that this stay off when you purchase a napper,
a movie you're asked to authenticate with a password
or another valid Sinan method.
But if you enable this feature,
you won't see that prompt to authorize the actual purchase.
Now this could open the door to potential problems if you have the
young ones at home or lose control of your device.
Leaving this off well, of course,
prompt you for that authorization each time of purchases made finally down here,
there's a setting related to our account.
It's labeled manager devices.
This is another link, and it takes you to your online Microsoft account,
where you can manage the devices that are linked to your Microsoft account.
Windows itself and most Microsoft store APS have limits regarding
remain devices you can use under that account.
So if you get a warning that you have too many devices,
this is one way to quickly jump to that list of devices.
You have to make some changes.
With that.
Out of the way, let's look at the actual steps involved when making a purchase.
In this case, I'm gonna purchase an app that I have in mind,
so I'm gonna search for it by name.
After selecting it,
I can again check things like compatibility space requirements,
et cetera.
In this case, I'm also warned that this app as specific hardware requirements,
I'm actually purchasing the app on this device.
But I'll install the app on a different device that meets those requirements.
Also liked by just aren't the purchase.
As we mentioned, I'm asked to re enter my password in this case.
So I'm gonna do that and I'll select next.
Here I see a summary of the purchase and my available
purchase methods are indicated.
Now, As you can see here, I actually have some funds in my Microsoft Co.
When I can use toward the purchase.
If you have a family, you can also add funds to Microsoft,
a counselor, part of your family.
This could be a good way to manage purchases for Children.
In the case of this purchase,
I can see the balance will be charged to a credit card
that's already linked to my account.
Now here, I can select change on any of these to modify things.
I can select alternative methods that can redeem gift cards,
or I can actually add new payment methods.
It was like back and then it's like, Bye,
Lindsay, My purchase goes through in the APP can now be installed in my device.
An email would also be triggered and sent to my Microsoft account with
details of the purchase doesn't mentioned earlier in this case.
I really don't want this app installed on this particular device.
You can see the APP is cute for download and install making.
Simply select the XO here.
Halt that process.
Now if I select all owned,
I can see this APP is listed with the option to install.
It wasn't on my other devices going to my library and then all owned and
again I can select installed here to actually get it installed in that
device without having to complete a new purchase.
In this clip,
we've looked at making purchases in the Microsoft store
out you for watching how the word is. He knew in the next clip